This problem is a variation of the following problem from this year's world
finals of the ICPC 

https://icpc.kattis.com/problems/deadend

While the ideas are similar, the exact problem is not. You might find solutions
to the ICPC problem on the net, but they cannot be used directly here.


Consider a particle that moves along the edges of a directed graph. The 
particle has limited memory and can remember only the node where it is
currently located, and the node at which it was at the previous step.
In each step, if the current node has a successor that is different from
itself and the previous node, the particle can move to any such successor.
If there is no such successor, the particle reaches a dead end and dies.

An edge (u,v) in the graph is called a dead end if a move along the edge
from u to v will eventually cause the particle to die after a finite
number of moves, irrespective of what moves are made later. 
Given a directed graph, you have to find the number of edges that are
dead ends in the graph. In the second part, you have to find the maximum
possible number of moves that the particle can make after following some
dead end. You will get half credit for the first part (which is very easy
and can be done in a single DFS of the graph).

Input Format
The first line of input gives n and m, the number of vertices and edges
in the graph. Assume 2 <= n <= 10^6, 1 <= m <= 5*10^6, and the graph has
no loops or multiple edges. Note that the graph may have both directed
edges (u,v) and (v,u).

Output Format
Print out the number of dead ends and the maximum number of moves after a
dead end, on one line, separated by a space.

Sample Input   Sample Output
6 9            6 2
0 1
1 2
1 3
1 5
2 0
2 4
3 4
3 5
4 3

The dead ends are 1 3, 1 5, 2 4, 3 4, 3 5, 4 3.
After the dead end 2 4, the particle can make 2 moves 4 3, 3 5 before it
dies. After all others, it can make at most 1 move.

Submit a single file called RollNo_12.cpp

Homework: Suppose the particle can remember k nodes. Can you solve the same
problem in time that may be exponential in k, but is linear in n and m?
